checkupdates-aur: add page (#7775)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/checkupdates-aur.md

# checkupdates-aur

> > Tool to check pending updates in Arch User Repository (AUR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Tool to check pending updates in the Arch User Repository (AUR).
```

Author: ```suggestion
> Tool to check pending updates from the Arch User Repository (AUR).
```
